ohl
U
uh
This is
me
and
uh
She and her sister
In the far place from the house
Gou and Ke-san
Karate
Eight years of son of Yamasuka
Strived for an end of komikaze
No end for him
W proof of Su bees
Oh, yes.
If we can go to the far place like this...
we'll get back at our brother!
Maybe we'll go to Me Employed Forest.
Maybe he will come to the salt trace farm!
The dirt of age of trees w flagship...
will be in full bloom!
The moon is full and the married woman touched her mother.
The countries of the dead...
These were two petticoats.
One day, I landed in his yet another grave,
I broke open his啦 exemplo and smacked him to death!
The
deceased
alternative
The End